330 charge category credit refund (#355)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/chargecategory.md

Reviewer: Negotiated discounts aren't part of credits. Those are part of each charge row.

Refunds were moved to ChargeClass, so those aren't lost. They just aren't being tracked as "Adjustments" yet.

# Charge Category

> A Charge Category indicates whether the row represents upfront or recurring fee purchases, cost of usage that already occurred or taxes. The Charge Category is commonly used to identify prepaid purchases

Reviewer: Should we genericize this so the definition doesn't explicitly call out the values? Might be good to define this as the highest-level type of charge the row represents from a billing perspective.

Author: Updated to make this more general

Author: Please see latest commit for new more generalised wording

> # Charge Category

Reviewer 2: _I am unable to directly add a comment to the **ChargeCategory - Description**, so, here it is:_ 
The Description requires some adjustments. It should closely resemble the introductory sentence in the column definition.

Author: Hey Irina, i think i got this resolved in the manual merge.

| Value      | Description                          |
| :--------- | :------------------------------------|

> | Usage      | Posiitive or negative charges based on the quantity of a service or resource that was consumed over a given period of time including refunds.     |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Usage      | Positive or negative charges based on the quantity of a service or resource that was consumed over a given period of time including refunds.     |
```

| Purchase   | Charges for the acquisition of a service or resource bought upfront or on a recurring basis.              |
| Tax        | Applicable taxes that are levied by the relevant authorities. Tax charges may vary depending on factors such as the location, jurisdiction, and local or federal regulations. |

> | Adjustment      | Positive or negative charges the provider applies that do not fall into other category values.    |

Reviewer 3: This implies that an adjustment is only a non-zero value, so let's explicit about that.

```suggestion
| Adjustment      | Non-zero charges the provider applies that do not fall into other category values.    |
```

> | Credit      | Negative charges granted by the provider for various scenarios, like negotiated benefits, usage discounts, or promotional credits.     |

Reviewer 4: Hopefully we can get crisp with our definition here. We need to be clear on when something should come as a 'Credit' vs coming in line with usage/purchase. It would be nice if we could make a statement about SKU level usage and purchase discounts needing to apply inline within those two - so commitment discounts, negotiated discounts, etc. aren't accounted for as credits.

Author: updated in call on 29.3

> | Adjustment      | Positive or negative charges the provider applies that do not fall into other category values.    |

Author: Hey this adjustment was made and approved for merge on the previous joint WG call, these suggestions could be opened as an issue

| Value      | Description                          |
| :--------- | :------------------------------------|

> | Adjustment | Any adjustments that are applied after the original usage or purchase row. Adjustments may be related to multiple charges.   |

Reviewer: I think we need to revert this. We had a convo in TF2 on Mar 6 about keeping Adjustment for rounding errors and any other unanticipated charge types. The description will need to change tho.
